content/wishlist.md, before:

---
title: Wishlist
subtitle: Not enough yatchs ⛵
date: 2024-01-05
---

I am trying to reduce the number of yatchs I fund for [Jeffrey Bezos](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeff_Bezos). As a result, I am adding a wishlist here for those people who are generous and kind enough to buy me a present. It's not as fancy as an Amazon wishlist, but I think together, we can make it work.

## Vouchers

Yep. Vouchers! 🎫  

### HebTroCo

I am lucky enough to be able to afford nice and sustainable things. These aren't cheap, but they help me and they help the planet. However if you get me a voucher you're contributing to the nice, sustainable thing!

[HebTroCo Gift Voucher](https://hebtro.co/product/hebtroco-gift-voucher/)

### Steam

There's always lots of video games on my Steam wishlist.

[Steam Gift Cards](https://store.steampowered.com/digitalgiftcards/)

## But I want to BUY you something

Okey, I hear you. Here's a Google spreadsheet with some ideas on. But please add something to the "Purchased" column so others know you've made the purchase! This is on you guys… 

### Please no more…

- Booze! 🍻 (I had a good run, but enough already…)

Commit message:

added google sheets link to wishlist

content/wishlist.md, after:

---
title: Wishlist
subtitle: Not enough yatchs ⛵
date: 2024-01-05
---

I am trying to reduce the number of yatchs I fund for [Jeffrey Bezos](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeff_Bezos). As a result, I am adding a wishlist here for those people who are generous and kind enough to buy me a present. It's not as fancy as an Amazon wishlist, but I think together, we can make it work.

## Vouchers

Yep. Vouchers! 🎫  

### HebTroCo

I am lucky enough to be able to afford nice and sustainable things. These aren't cheap, but they help me and they help the planet. However if you get me a voucher you're contributing to the nice, sustainable thing!

[HebTroCo Gift Voucher](https://hebtro.co/product/hebtroco-gift-voucher/)

### Steam

There's always lots of video games on my Steam wishlist.

[Steam Gift Cards](https://store.steampowered.com/digitalgiftcards/)

## But I want to BUY you something

Okey, I hear you. Here's a Google spreadsheet with some ideas on. You'll need a google account to use this but honestly who doesn't have one of those. **But please add something to the "Purchased" column so others know you've made the purchase!** This is on you guys… 

[Google Sheets Wishlist](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-v5HJPtOkX5rz38YPrPO36PbpettuLatJoTZVUUDOFo/edit?usp=sharing)

### Please no more…

- Booze! 🍻 (I had a good run, but enough already…)
